Containerized workflow (#337)
fedora-infra/the-new-hotness: docs/dev-guide.rst

For other aliases look in the ``~/.bashrc`` file.

Using Docker
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Using Docker you will be able to control each service (hotness app, RabbitMQ, Redis, etc.) separately. You can turn off Redis or RabbitMQ or both, then connect to external services or use them with the application. 

Requirements:

* Docker
* Docker Compose

Next, clone the repository and start containers::

    $ git clone https://github.com/fedora-infra/the-new-hotness.git
    $ cd the-new-hotness
    $ make up

> Hotness container starts after when Redis and RabbitMQ services successfully start. Usually, it takes around 10-30 seconds depends on the computer power.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hotness container starts after Redis and RabbitMQ services successfully start. Usually, it takes around 10-30 seconds depends on the computer power.
```

> Hotness container starts after it's depended container successfully start. Usually, it takes around 10-30 seconds depends on the computer power.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hotness container starts after start start of containers running services required by the-new-hotness. Usually, it takes around 10-30 seconds depends on the computer power.
```

.. list-table:: Container Service Informations:
   :widths: 25 25 50
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Name 1
     - Url
     - Credentials
   * - RabbitMQ
     - http://localhost:5672
     - hotness:hotness
   * - RabbitMQ Management UI
     - http://localhost:15672
     - hotness:hotness
   * - Redis
     - http://localhost:6379
     - not required

Makefile scripts that provide easier container management:

* ``make up`` Starts all the container services
* ``make restart`` Restarts all the container services that are either stopped or running 
* ``make halt`` Stops and removes the containers
* ``make bash`` Connects to hotness container
* ``make logs`` Shows all logs of all containers

Project files are bound to each other with host and container. Whenever you change any project file from the host or the container, the same change will happen on the opposite side as well.

After connecting to hotness container you can run the applicaton with::

>     $ fedmsg-hub

Reviewer: This is outdated way of running the-new-hotness. The new way is running it as described in [this systemd service](https://github.com/fedora-infra/the-new-hotness/blob/master/devel/ansible/roles/hotness-dev/files/hotness.service). You need to set the `FEDORA_MESSAGING_CONF` variable and run `fedora-messaging consume`
